Adjust intermediate model logic for unique total counts (#34)
fivetran/dbt_iterable: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_iterable v0.10.0
[PR #34](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_iterable/pull/34) includes the following updates:

## 🚨 Breaking Changes 🚨
- Added additional join on `template_id` in `iterable__campaigns` so the proper grain is being reflected.
- Updated `dbt_utils.unique_combination_of_columns` test on `iterable__campaigns` to include `template_id`.

## 🪲 Bug Fix ⚒️
- Adjusted intermediate model logic in `int_iterable__campaign_event_metrics` to correctly count unique totals based off of distinct email values for `iterable__campaigns`.

> - Added additional join on `template_id` in `int_iterable__recurring_campaigns` to resolve test errors.

Reviewer: This does resolve the test, but the more important piece is how it removes the fanout.

```suggestion
- Added additional join on `template_id` in `int_iterable__recurring_campaigns` to resolve a data fanout issue.
```

Author: Updated!
